hello how about youtube friends in this
Occasion I come to you showing the unboxing
of this power source is a cooler
625 watts master is the extreme model
two
well they ask us here what comes next
being what it integrates into Spanish
as it integrates tx of 2 volts outputs
Dual 12 volts capacitor
High capacity protection input
multiple and has a 3 guarantee
years
here shows us what speed is
of the fan
here we come more specifications
but good what interests us in the
connectors has
a connector of 20 + 4 pins a connector
4 + 4 pin CPU 2 connectors
pci-express the 6 sata connectors for what
what is being the hard drives and the
dvd of 13 peripherals of 4 pins and one
for what is the flop and that already great
most of the time it is no longer used and
electrical characteristics that we
mark
well let's move on to open it
and there it is
all right
Here he teaches us what has been the
Installation manual
specifications as I already mentioned
and good in this case for the cabinets
gaming type and sources are installed
at the bottom to have more
ventilation space what comes
where the card is installed
mother
and good here come Spanish Chinese
Mandarin in other languages
but the one that matters to us is
the espanyol here is spanish
well he tells us to eliminate any
type of waste
and anything not
well let's get out what's been
the most important thing that interests us
the super source of power that weighs
horrors
They include what is being the
power cord
the one that goes straight to the stream
the four are not included
screws
for the moment to install in the
Cabinet lived in the box and it was empty
let's see
and it also shows us what are the
specifications we can see here
squeeze 625 watts
we can see that it has a parent design
I think it catches a little bit I do not
they create but I think it lights a little
something like that
has a switch
to be part of disconnecting it
you want to turn off or turn on the source or
connected turn off turn off and turn on
they have what is coming
electricity configuration since in
countries of europe are handled 225 watts me
it seems and well there you have to move
the configuration here comes what for
connect to the current we can see that
it is possible to appreciate transit what
comes within the cabinet of the problem
from the source
esteban brings a fan
the subject seems below
well because the cabinets have another
down fan what makes the two
at the same time
and good here the connectors come
we can see that they are the sata connectors
these
the connectors
20 4 pins the 4 pins
here are two of four skins
those of 6
and the fish behind us appear
new
we can see that in this type of sources
bring what is
in this
and a protective cloth so to call it
to prevent cables from being damaged
and good brings us enough cables like
we can see here is too much
but hey it's a pretty good source
simple
for gaming computers this average is
could say that it is not going to apply what
which is overclocking or something like that but
nothing else is wanted to play or
not anything else but hey this
source is very good because by this type
of ventilation they handle
is what makes them special ok there
other but good the fan is not going to
the same speed or anything like that
and well these resist more and are watts
real ok are 600 25 watts real because
there are other brands that handle 625 watts
but in reality they reach 600 watts
good brands like these give the
real watts
and good guys we'll see you in a next
video do not forget to subscribe
laical video follow us in our networks
social networks on facebook and on twitter and
good bye